Limit session shares to a maximum of 5 (#298)
canonical/anbox-cloud-docs: howto/android/access-instance.md

    anbox-stream-gateway session share <session_id> --description="Grant access to xxx"

> Providing a description helps you identify a share later on, if you are sharing a session multiple times. Each session can create a maximum of 5 shares.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Providing a description helps you identify a share later on, if you are sharing a session multiple times. Each session can be shared up to a maximum of 5 times.
```
